Zhang Liang came out for me.
Assassin cleared from the second floor.
Finding me will take a while.
This is enough time for me to ask clearly.
What did you bring me here for?
But then again
We've been working together for years.
You don't really consider me a brother.
If not Vice President Chen
I didn't know it was your birthday.
Our company has been established for 5 years now.
We've been working together for five years.
Is there anything you want to tell me?
Now you know.
Then I'll be clear with you.
I didn't mean to tell you this.
Some time ago, your brother asked me about the stake.
I made it clear to him that we had no intention of diluting the equity.
As long as any of us have an accident.
We will all transfer the shares to his closest relatives first.
Sue, this is a critical moment in our project.
I don't want to see any division between your brothers.
So I hid this.
Now you know.
Then I have nothing to hide.
So what else do we do?
Deputy Director Chen, I swear to God.
He and I are just friends and business.
But next year everyone can see that I like you.